Quick rework of the attributes doc to mention Policyfiles (#2133)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/attributes.rst

* Cookbooks (in attribute files and/or recipes)
* Roles
* Environments
* Policyfiles

During every Chef Infra Client run, Chef Infra Client builds the attribute list using:

> * Data about the node collected by `[Ohai] </ohai.html>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data about the node collected by `[Ohai] </ohai.html>`__.
```

> * The node object that was saved to the Chef Infra Server at the end of the previous Chef Infra Client run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The node object that was saved to the Chef Infra Server at the end of the previous Chef Infra Client run.
```

> * The rebuilt node object from the current Chef Infra Client run, after it is updated for changes to cookbooks (attribute files and/or recipes), roles, and/or environments, and updated for any changes to the state of the node itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The rebuilt node object from the current Chef Infra Client run, after it is updated for changes to cookbooks (attribute files and/or recipes), roles, and/or environments, and updated for any changes to the state of the node itself.
```

=====================================================
.. tag node_attribute_persistence

> At the beginning of a Chef Infra Client run, all attributes except for normal attributes are reset. Chef Infra Client rebuilds them using automatic attributes collected by Ohai at the beginning of each Chef Infra Client run and then using default and override attributes that are specified in cookbooks or by roles, environments, and Policyfiles. All attributes are then merged and applied to the node according to attribute precedence. At the conclusion of each Chef Infra Client run, the attributes that were applied to the node are saved to the Chef Infra Server as part of the node object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All attributes except for normal attributes are reset at the beginning of a Chef Infra Client run. Chef Infra Client rebuilds these attributes using automatic attributes collected by Ohai at the beginning of each Chef Infra Client run, and then uses default and override attributes that are specified in cookbooks, roles, environments, and Policyfiles. All attributes are then merged and applied to the node according to attribute precedence. The attributes that were applied to the node are saved to the Chef Infra Server as part of the node object at the conclusion of each Chef Infra Client run.
```

* Recipes (in cookbooks)
* Environments
* Roles
* Policyfiles

Notes:

> * Many attributes are maintained in the chef-repo for policyfiles, environments, roles, and cookbooks (attribute files and recipes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Many attributes are maintained in the chef-repo for Policyfiles, environments, roles, and cookbooks (attribute files and recipes)
```

.. tag ohai_attribute_list

> The list of automatic attributes that are collected by Ohai at the start of each Chef Infra Client run vary from organization to organization, and will often vary between the various server types being configured and the platforms on which those servers are run. All attributes collected by Ohai are unmodifiable by Chef Infra Client. To see which automatic attributes are collected by Ohai for a particular node you can run the ``ohai`` command on a system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ohai collects a list of automatic attributes at the start of each Chef Infra Client run. This list will vary from organization to organization, by server type, and by the platform that runs those servers. All the attributes collected by Ohai are unmodifiable by Chef Infra Client. Run the ``ohai`` command on a system to see which automatic attributes Ohai has collected for a particular node.
```

Change Attributes
=====================================================
Attribute precedence levels may be:

> * Removed for a specific, named attribute precedence level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed for a specific, named attribute precedence level.
```

> * Removed for all attribute precedence levels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed for all attribute precedence levels.
```

> * Fully assigned attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fully assigned attributes.
```
